Improve help for 'DiagnosticUnderline*' default highlighting (#16493)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/diagnostic.txt

the type of highlight (e.g., `Sign`, `Underline`, etc.) and the severity (e.g.
`Error`, `Warn`, etc.)

> Sign, floating and virtual text highlights (by default) are linked to their
> corresponding default highlight. Underline highlights (by default) are defined
> with corresponding color.

Reviewer: Good catch. Minor nitpick on the grammar but otherwise LGTM.

```suggestion
By default, highlights for signs, floating windows, and virtual text are linked to the
corresponding default highlight. Underline highlights are not linked and use their
own default highlight groups.
```

Author: Sure. Commited.
